DOC-3147: Add `crossorigin` attribute to all script tags for CORS compliance. (#3762)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/editor-and-features.adoc

NOTE: The script tag typically references `+tinymce.min.js+` hosted within the application or available at a legacy CDN.

Replace the script tag with the following, making sure to include both required attributes (`referrerpolicy` and `crossorigin`):

[source,html,subs="attributes+"]
----
<script src="{cdnurl}" referrerpolicy="origin" crossorigin="anonymous"></script>
----

NOTE: When migrating to {cloudname}, both the `referrerpolicy="origin"` and `crossorigin="anonymous"` attributes are required for proper functionality. These attributes ensure proper domain validation and secure cross-origin script loading.

> 

Reviewer: I remember these two attributes are optional.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: When migrating to {cloudname}, both the `referrerpolicy="origin"` and `crossorigin="anonymous"` attributes are required for optimal performance and cross-browser functionality.

```
